hello how about very good guys
Welcome to this new gameplay of
game of goldman 2 and we are with a
new unlocking of vehicles for
guys for this unlocking we have to
come to the police station
very well
over here we have the wayne tower
and we're going to take it as a point of
reference we have to come flying by
here
and here will be the vehicle that we are going
to unblock in this case is a
water vehicle
it's very good here we have
the vehicle we were looking for so
what are we going for him
lets try
approach him little by little
guys there is very good there we have it
this is the penguin's submarine and
we can buy it for 150 thousand coins
or lego pieces
guys so let's go ride in the
penguin submarine
well there you have it
and what we have in front of us
It is a small circuit of coins
where at the end we find it as
prize a brick of the golden lego
we have to go through the cones these of
Orange
very well
We do not have to skip any because
we would have to start over if
we were about to jump us the
know those but good and we're
arriving at the end and in this way
they're going to get an ego brick
golden ok guys I hope that I have
liked gameplay like favorites and if I
yes and subscribe if they are not
comment the videos and nothing until the next
maximum with play